README.md, before:

# Lightbulb-LED-Chaser
This is a submission to Prototype. It's a LED Chaser in the shape of a light bulb. It's powered by a 555 timer and a 4017 IC. 

## 3D Model
I like how EasyEDA has all the 3D models of the components preinstalled. It definetly saved me some time from searching online.  
<img width="459" height="657" alt="3D View" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b26b119-1699-4369-a1a8-8c1b07eb1433" />

## PCB
First time using EasyEDA, so I definetly struggled a bit on the schematic and PCB.  
|Schematic: | PCB:
|---|---|
|<img width="897" height="388" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-01 165026" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b63cdf8-c4ff-4607-bc0f-df0981833a5a" />  |<img width="296" height="467" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-01 165130" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d931d588-2d77-4962-bc36-d92bf25c2d43" />  |

## Final Thoughts
I recently learned a bit of KiCad for my hackpad submission. After using both EasyEDA and KiCad, I can confidently say that I like KiCad better. Creating the schematic and PCB on KiCad seems more smooth to me. I'm pretty proud of this project, I finally learned how people make the led chasers without the ned for programming.

Commit message:

Update README with BOM link and refine final thoughts
Added a Bill of Materials link and improved clarity in the final thoughts section.

README.md, after:

# Lightbulb-LED-Chaser
This is a submission to Prototype. It's a LED Chaser in the shape of a light bulb. It's powered by a 555 timer and a 4017 IC.   

I've attached the Bill of Materials [here](https://github.com/th31dk/Lightbulb-LED-Chaser/blob/main/BOM.csv).
## 3D Model
I like how EasyEDA has all the 3D models of the components preinstalled. It definetly saved me some time from searching online.  
<img width="459" height="657" alt="3D View" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b26b119-1699-4369-a1a8-8c1b07eb1433" />

## PCB
First time using EasyEDA, so I definetly struggled a bit on the schematic and PCB.  
|Schematic: | PCB:
|---|---|
|<img width="897" height="388" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-01 165026" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b63cdf8-c4ff-4607-bc0f-df0981833a5a" />  |<img width="296" height="467" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-01 165130" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d931d588-2d77-4962-bc36-d92bf25c2d43" />  |

## Final Thoughts
I recently learned a bit of KiCad for my hackpad submission. After using both EasyEDA and KiCad, I can confidently say that I like KiCad better. Creating the schematic and PCB on KiCad seems more smooth to me. I'm pretty proud of this project, because integrated circuits never really made sense to me before.
